The closest you'll come to a brainstorm is a light drizzle.
Honestly, I'm just impressed you could read this.
Your existence proves that intelligent design doesn't exist.
I have neither the time nor the crayons necessary to explain this to you.
You are an oxygen bandit.
I've had bowel movements more attractive than you.
You do you. Because God knows no one else will.
What doesn't kill you disappoints the rest of us.
I smell smoke. Were you thinking too hard again?
I envy everyone who hasn't met you.
You'll go far someday. And I hope you stay there.
Your gene pool needs more chlorine.
I will not have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent.
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts, I'd get change back.
Our parents told us we could be anything, and you chose "disappointment."
Your birth control of choice appears to be your personality.
You're a sentient menstrual cramp.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them cute.
If your IQ were just a little higher you could be an idiot.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
If you were any dumber I'd have to water you once a day.
You bring as much joy to the world as a wet sock.
Your face would make an onion cry.
Don't be ashamed of who you are. That's your parents' job.
You're why shampoo bottles have instructions.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear, it's a beautiful day.
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
You bring joy to every room you exit.
Does it make you sad that you didn't even make the main stage at the circus?
You have a face for radio.
I'll never forget the day we met. But that doesn't mean I won't keep trying.
Consider swapping out your Chapstick for a glue stick.
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of your nostrils like that?
I’m busy right now, can I ignore you another time?
Wow, your maker really didn’t waste time giving you a personality, huh?
Hold still. I’m trying to imagine you with personality.
You have an entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?
OH MY GOD! IT SPEAKS!
Did the mental hospital test too many drugs on you today?
I’d like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
When you look in the mirror, say hi to the clown you see in there for me, would you?
Somewhere out there is a tree tirelessly producing oxygen for you. You owe it an apology.
I’m just glad that you’re stringing words into sentences now.
Mirrors can’t talk. Lucky for you, they can’t laugh, either.
I’m glad to see you’re not letting education get in the way of your ignorance.
Your only chance of getting laid is to crawl up a chicken butt and wait.
People like you are the reason God doesn’t talk to us anymore.
Isn’t it dangerous to use your whole vocabulary in one sentence?
First off: Brush your teeth.
I’d give you a nasty look, but you’ve already got one.
I don’t know what your problem is, but I’m guessing it’s hard to pronounce.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I’d fart.
If you’re going to act like a turd, go lay on the yard.
Isn’t there a bullet somewhere you could be jumping in front of?
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and poop out a smarter statement than whatever you just said.
Earth is full. Go home.
The last time I saw a face like yours, I fed it a banana.
Don’t feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?